README.md, before:

# CAMPUS CONNECT

Welcome to `Campus Connect,` a modern solution to enhance communication and community engagement at our college. 
This user-friendly web app simplifies how we connect and share information.  

## Problem Statement 

- Sharing info in college is hard. Using old ways and many social platforms means more work to post everywhere.
- It's slow and not effective. 


## Images for references 

<img width="959" alt="1  register" src="https://github.com/D-ivyanshu/campus-connect-frontend/assets/93874215/85396d96-3ac0-43a5-96d9-1da450a723e5">

<img width="959" alt="3  login" src="https://github.com/D-ivyanshu/campus-connect-frontend/assets/93874215/a727c2ee-8241-4940-b4a0-ad7845ac9189">

<img width="959" alt="4  forgot password " src="https://github.com/D-ivyanshu/campus-connect-frontend/assets/93874215/0b4efc32-cd14-427e-9353-935fc831d35a">

<img width="959" alt="6  reset password " src="https://github.com/D-ivyanshu/campus-connect-frontend/assets/93874215/2864952d-5679-4dde-9ac6-649fd79ea144">

<img width="959" alt="7  feed page" src="https://github.com/D-ivyanshu/campus-connect-frontend/assets/93874215/dff7d173-af79-4343-ae1a-e689180ef086">

<img width="959" alt="8  profile page " src="https://github.com/D-ivyanshu/campus-connect-frontend/assets/93874215/08ed6183-7199-499b-8eb4-e07634d0827a">

<img width="959" alt="9  profile update - setting page " src="https://github.com/D-ivyanshu/campus-connect-frontend/assets/93874215/69099e2f-546e-4c93-a148-f183e67eda4a">

<img width="959" alt="10  notifications update page " src="https://github.com/D-ivyanshu/campus-connect-frontend/assets/93874215/c1ec3685-7105-405e-8c54-091dfe62642e">

<img width="959" alt="11  followers on update page" src="https://github.com/D-ivyanshu/campus-connect-frontend/assets/93874215/d4fa9013-edb2-4530-9e89-785ca3d8ac6f">

<img width="957" alt="12  notifications " src="https://github.com/D-ivyanshu/campus-connect-frontend/assets/93874215/c681af5e-db5c-40ef-9a58-1e71ed3e37b1">

<img width="959" alt="13  no notifications" src="https://github.com/D-ivyanshu/campus-connect-frontend/assets/93874215/a937e544-f75b-4306-816b-173b8c6a6e0c">

<img width="959" alt="17  search user page " src="https://github.com/D-ivyanshu/campus-connect-frontend/assets/93874215/18d2b920-5b48-4bf9-b3c6-f92f6cf3103c">

<img width="958" alt="16  write a post" src="https://github.com/D-ivyanshu/campus-connect-frontend/assets/93874215/9db68436-a91b-4859-8140-ff70b51a3f72">

Commit message:

Update README.md added contributions steps

README.md, after:

# CAMPUS CONNECT

Welcome to `Campus Connect,` a modern solution to enhance communication and community engagement at our college. 
This user-friendly web app simplifies how we connect and share information.  

## Problem Statement 

- Sharing info in college is hard. Using old ways and many social platforms means more work to post everywhere.
- Traditional social media can lead to information overload, making it challenging for users to find and engage with relevant college-related content.
- It's slow and not effective.

## Solution 


## Images for references 

<img width="959" alt="1  register" src="https://github.com/D-ivyanshu/campus-connect-frontend/assets/93874215/85396d96-3ac0-43a5-96d9-1da450a723e5">

<img width="959" alt="3  login" src="https://github.com/D-ivyanshu/campus-connect-frontend/assets/93874215/a727c2ee-8241-4940-b4a0-ad7845ac9189">

<img width="959" alt="4  forgot password " src="https://github.com/D-ivyanshu/campus-connect-frontend/assets/93874215/0b4efc32-cd14-427e-9353-935fc831d35a">

<img width="959" alt="6  reset password " src="https://github.com/D-ivyanshu/campus-connect-frontend/assets/93874215/2864952d-5679-4dde-9ac6-649fd79ea144">

<img width="959" alt="7  feed page" src="https://github.com/D-ivyanshu/campus-connect-frontend/assets/93874215/dff7d173-af79-4343-ae1a-e689180ef086">

<img width="959" alt="8  profile page " src="https://github.com/D-ivyanshu/campus-connect-frontend/assets/93874215/08ed6183-7199-499b-8eb4-e07634d0827a">

<img width="959" alt="9  profile update - setting page " src="https://github.com/D-ivyanshu/campus-connect-frontend/assets/93874215/69099e2f-546e-4c93-a148-f183e67eda4a">

<img width="959" alt="10  notifications update page " src="https://github.com/D-ivyanshu/campus-connect-frontend/assets/93874215/c1ec3685-7105-405e-8c54-091dfe62642e">

<img width="959" alt="11  followers on update page" src="https://github.com/D-ivyanshu/campus-connect-frontend/assets/93874215/d4fa9013-edb2-4530-9e89-785ca3d8ac6f">

<img width="957" alt="12  notifications " src="https://github.com/D-ivyanshu/campus-connect-frontend/assets/93874215/c681af5e-db5c-40ef-9a58-1e71ed3e37b1">

<img width="959" alt="13  no notifications" src="https://github.com/D-ivyanshu/campus-connect-frontend/assets/93874215/a937e544-f75b-4306-816b-173b8c6a6e0c">

<img width="959" alt="17  search user page " src="https://github.com/D-ivyanshu/campus-connect-frontend/assets/93874215/18d2b920-5b48-4bf9-b3c6-f92f6cf3103c">

<img width="958" alt="16  write a post" src="https://github.com/D-ivyanshu/campus-connect-frontend/assets/93874215/9db68436-a91b-4859-8140-ff70b51a3f72">

## Installation

- Clone the repository:
 ``` git clone https://github.com/your-repo/campus-connect.git```
- Navigate to the project directory:
```cd campus-connect```
- Install dependencies:
```npm install```
- Start the development server:
```npm run dev```

## Contributions

We welcome contributions from the community! To contribute:

- Fork the repository.
- Create a new branch (git checkout -b feature/YourFeature).
- Make your changes.
- Commit your changes (git commit -m 'Add some feature').
- Push to the branch (git push origin feature/YourFeature).
- Open a pull request.

## Support

If you encounter any issues or have questions, please get in touch with `divyanshu.20224@gmail.com`
